she recognized ago when she see one
pockets on fat guess you could call that
shit rerun grams and the blunt all
together that's 3 blunts
we puts in my name they got now I got it
three son got big as my six-pack got a
ring died in this pitch black
our goons dish wrapped up in the all
right a new sig flag I got goons on deck
and I got goons on call with a bitch
your swagger killing it tombstone fall
see I'm still doing the fall my real
niggas and my locked up in jail niggas
for fucking what my lid niggas I come
wet your block with still nigga fuck in
like and Levi she popped a pussy like
peeling nigga your girlfriend got a
major mother she plays out like Hilfiger
GG that gang I shot it was your name in
the field right trying to get plant up
for my shot it was your drink honey
horse it I go off of these his Mac a big
came for I'm strapped up with that thing
and then they got act tougher cocaine
none
like a bowling ball strapped up getting
money that's the protocol go I'm a
church people nothing gets me mama man I
checked people not and gets my mom still
like a budding bomb strapped up getting
favorite protocol chess people are
nodding get a stray night a favor
not again summer yeah at the same
fucking time ho got up in my pocket
bitch shootin like Rondo dudes be hey
let her go shy too much money in here
look at time fly let's look at time
flying kids getting care y'all nervous
go to jail I can't even make a bear Oh
broke-ass nigga you were joke as nigga
bitches guna gang bitch team Tokyo nigga
rest in peace dear old bitch I go hard
no bacon in this bitch I don't pop no
bar but I'm all that Molly call that
shit that white girl bitch I'm his face
call that shit Molly world shout-out to
my team
TRUCKING all on white girl fuck with me
I'm still rolling like a bowling ball
fuck them the shop til I got them ghouls
on call catch me in there jump but bitch
I don't fucking ball on sterols and I'm
rolling like a bowling ball strapped up
getting money that's the protocol chase
people
I think it's a motor bah-bah-bah
strapped up getting prettier rolling
Church people not and get some more and
get some my drugs all our body we
turning up in this body they don't tell
that you're not bout that life I doubt
it
shorty buddy no hide she ride a nigga
Ducati I taking bitch to my kingdom and
I put her own name out and say it
she'll be okay truck your home I keep a
rack for that freak show
she bending over busting open that wimpy
new folk I'm rolling it hard like Street
car don't you feel a pop two motors got
a mighty girl to go to Milan well never
fuck the shit beat flow coming through
and that group bigger problem mister my
roof look up smoking on that proof I
slow it loops it loose
nigga get your bitch it's your bitch
guarantee she ain't coming back
we just doing like Nike check patella
pussy niggas big around with a a Tokyo
that team she know I'm a king yeah homie
I cut your girl that's GG knife gang
mixed MIT with that lame
rolling out of my brain I'm pill-popping
she puts the popping like bang bang bang
Oh still rolling
like a bowling ball strapped up getting
money that's the protocol go i'ma church
people are not Angus mother ma man I
can't paper on not I get some mother mom